



Wound Type
  determines what kind of negative effects are experienced due to the wound

Wound Severity Level (1-10)
  
1 - light: barely qualifies as a wound. A cat's scratch, or barely visible bruise qualify as light
           wounds. Might cause the recipient to recoil in pain. Nothing hurts like a scrape.
2 - flesh: You'll notice a flesh wound, but will likely suffer little impediment.  A cut that 
    	   causes minor bleeding and will likely qualify for some stitches.
3 - minor: not lifethreatening, but a few minor wounds will kill. A cut that hits muscle or bone.
4 - moderate: a solid hit that causes enough damage to immediately disable. A broken arm, or cut
              that severs a tendon would count as moderate wounds. Like minor and serious wounds,
              the danger of moderate wounds lies in the disability they cause.
5 - serious: likely to be life threatening if not properly treated. Serious wounds are not 
             immediately fatal, but are not to be taken lightely. A serious wound can 
             totally incapacitate a character, or otherwise cause immediate and severe disability.
6 - severe: will likely be fatal, but not immediately so. Severe wounds cut deep into flesh, and
            shatter bones. Without medical attention (and often with), death will come from 
            internal bleeding or infection. Severe wounds can often disable or incapacitate.
7 - mortal: deadly, but will not kill immediately. A stab to the lung, a slashed throat, etc. A
            mortal wound will usually kill within a few minutes
8 - fatal: death comes within seconds, eg clean amputation, cutting of a major artery. Probably
           leaves the victim time for some last words, "urgle" and "AH!" are popular choices.
9 - devastating: instantaneous death, eg decapitation, crushed cranium.
10- annihilating: instantaneous death, eg crushed by a blimp, stepped on by a giant. Leaves a
    		  big smeary mess
Wound Location
 The location of a wound determines what kind of effect will be experienced by the character
 -effects can very wildly, a serious wound to a limb will cause pain and disable the limb, a 
  serious wound to the stomach will very likely totally incapacitate the victim with pain, a
  serious wound to the head might stun, or knock out the recipient. 
